README.md, before:

# vite-react-chakra-starter

![vite-react-chakra-starter](https://socialify.git.ci/sozonome/vite-react-chakra-starter/image?description=1&owner=1&pattern=Circuit%20Board&stargazers=1&theme=Dark)

This is a project bootstrapped with [`@vitejs/app`](https://vitejs.dev/guide/#scaffolding-your-first-vite-project) (`react-ts`), added with [Chakra UI](https://chakra-ui.com) and [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org) setup.

- ⚡ blazing fast dev server and build
- 🔗 route management added (`react-router-dom` configured)
- 📈 SEO optimization ready (`react-helmet` configured)

[**Live Demo**](https://vite-react-chakra-starter.sznm.dev/)

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/import/git?s=https://github.com/sozonome/vite-react-chakra-starter) [![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/sozonome/vite-react-chakra-starter)

## Getting Started

You can either click [`Use this template`](https://github.com/sozonome/vite-react-chakra-starter/generate) button on this repository and clone the repo or use npx degit like so:

```bash
npx degit sozonome/vite-react-chakra-starter <app_name>
```

Then, run the development server:

```bash
yarn dev
```

## Deployment

- build command: `yarn build`
- output directory: `dist`

## References

- [vite](https://vitejs.dev)
  - [avoid manual import](https://vitejs.dev/guide/features.html#jsx)
- [Chakra UI](https://chakra-ui.com/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org)

Commit message:

chore: change default package manager to `pnpm`

README.md, after:

# vite-react-chakra-starter

![vite-react-chakra-starter](https://socialify.git.ci/sozonome/vite-react-chakra-starter/image?description=1&owner=1&pattern=Circuit%20Board&stargazers=1&theme=Dark)

This is a project bootstrapped with [`@vitejs/app`](https://vitejs.dev/guide/#scaffolding-your-first-vite-project) (`react-ts`), added with [Chakra UI](https://chakra-ui.com) and [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org) setup.

- ⚡ blazing fast dev server and build
- 🔗 route management added (`react-router-dom` configured)
- 📈 SEO optimization ready (`react-helmet` configured)

[**Live Demo**](https://vite-react-chakra-starter.sznm.dev/)

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/import/git?s=https://github.com/sozonome/vite-react-chakra-starter) [![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/sozonome/vite-react-chakra-starter)

## Getting Started

You can either click [`Use this template`](https://github.com/sozonome/vite-react-chakra-starter/generate) button on this repository and clone the repo or use npx degit like so:

```bash
npx degit sozonome/vite-react-chakra-starter <app_name>
```


[Install `pnpm`](https://pnpm.io/installation)
This template project use pnpm as its default package manager. If you prefer to use other package manager (npm / yarn), just set it up yourself.
[`pnpm` cli guide](https://pnpm.io/pnpm-cli)

Then, run the development server:

```bash
pnpm dev
```

## Deployment

- build command: `yarn build`
- output directory: `dist`

## References

- [vite](https://vitejs.dev)
  - [avoid manual import](https://vitejs.dev/guide/features.html#jsx)
- [Chakra UI](https://chakra-ui.com/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org)
